It was just one of the many little things. I wouldn't be as sharp as that today, but in those days I was sharp.
I was even on the money program, BBC Two, at two years running.
Alice at the time was a producer. I still got the discs.
They invited me on the money program.
I remember there was a lunch at the Angel Hotel,
five or six other industrialists. I don't know what the whole conversation was.
A real fuddy-duddy, horn-rimmed glasses, professional, you know, managing directors.
And I thought no more about it.
Then a week later I get a phone call from the producer,
oh look, we'd like you to come on.
So they did a program about Welsh industry, I suppose. I don't know.
But about a third of the program was about me.
They followed me everywhere, going around in business.
And graphs of me and my Rolls-Royce. They even took pictures and they even took filming in my house.
Then a year later they invited me back again for some discussion.
I went, but then they kept inviting me every year,
but I was always away in a far-reaching business and I never bothered anymore.
But that was interesting. I was right on top of the world in those days.
That was just when I finished with the string business.
I was very high with the import business, money program.